Add note that 'tsh scp' always uses the SFTP protocol (#17970)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/connect-your-client/tsh.mdx

## Copying files

To securely copy files to and from cluster Nodes, use the `tsh scp` command. It

> is designed to mimic OpenSSH `scp` as much as possible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is designed to mimic OpenSSH's `scp` command as much as possible:
```

Reviewer 2: I'd also add that from Teleport 10, we support SFTP and SCP protocols, so `scp` and `sftp` tools from the OpenSSH package should work.

Author: Done

$ scp -P 61122 -r files root@node:/path/to/dest
```

Starting from Teleport 11 `tsh scp` always uses the SFTP protocol under
the hood, so no flags need to be passed to enable this behavior.

> Starting from Teleport 10 the SCP and SFTP protocols are both supported by Nodes.

Reviewer 2: 1. I talked with @alexfornuto as we think that "Server Access" sounds better
2. I forgot that we ported the SFTP server changes to v9 too.

```suggestion
Starting from Teleport 9 the SCP and SFTP protocols are both supported by Server Access.
```

$ scp -P 61122 -r files root@node:/path/to/dest
```

> Note that `tsh scp` always uses the SFTP protocol under the hood, no flags need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `tsh scp` always uses the SFTP protocol under the hood, so no flags need
```

Reviewer 2: I'd add that `tsh scp` uses SFTP starting from Teleport 11
